[full-ci] Retry postprocessing steps (#7874)
owncloud/ocis: services/postprocessing/README.md

#### Workflow

> When setting a custom postprocessing step (eg. `"customstep"`) the postprocessing service will eventually sent an event during postprocessing. The event will be of type `StartPostprocessingStep` with its field `StepToStart` set to `"customstep"`. When the custom service receives this event it can safely execute its actions, postprocessing service will wait until it has finished its work. The event contains further information (filename, executing user, size, ...) and also required tokens and urls to download the file in case byte inspection is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When defining a custom postprocessing step (eg. `"customstep"`), the postprocessing service will eventually sent an event during postprocessing. The event will be of type `StartPostprocessingStep` with its field `StepToStart` set to `"customstep"`. When the service defined as custom step receives this event, it can safely execute its actions, the postprocessing service will wait until it has finished its work. The event contains further information (filename, executing user, size, ...) and also required tokens and urls to download the file in case byte inspection is necessary.
```

> Once the custom service has finished its work, it should sent an event of type `PostprocessingFinished` via the configured events system. This event needs to contain a `FinishedStep` field set to `"customstep"`. It also must contain the outcome of the step, which can be one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the service defined as custom step has finished its work, it should sent an event of type `PostprocessingFinished` via the configured events system. This event needs to contain a `FinishedStep` field set to `"customstep"`. It also must contain the outcome of the step, which can be one of the following:
```
